add additional content to css_unit lesson (#25324)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: intermediate_html_css/intermediate_css_concepts/css_units.md

### Additional Resources
This section contains helpful links to other content. It isn't required, so consider it supplemental for if you need to dive deeper into something.

> 1. If you're interested in learning more about CSS units and how to choose the best one for your project, I recommend watching this informative video: [are you using the right CSS unit?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N5wpD9Ov_To) It provides a great introduction to the topic and can serve as a useful additional resource.

Reviewer: Just some formatting and rewording suggestions:
```suggestion
* Watch [are you using the right CSS unit?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N5wpD9Ov_To) if you'd like to learn Kevin Powells general rules of thumb when it comes to choosing the correct CSS units for different situations.
```
